Who has the strength?
Who is the soldier?
Get out of here
Who are you? What's wrong with Mingming's family?
I heard my nephew wants to marry you and you won't
Come find someone to beat him up
Who's your nephew?
Jin Gaochang turned out to be him
And he deserved it.
None of my business
Pardon me?
Tell me again.
My surname is grandson, and my daughter is now Mrs. Zhan Shuai
Don't mess around with my neighbor
Pardon me?
Your daughter is Mrs. Zhan Shuai
Are you crazy?
Zhan Shuai He Zhun's honorable status
Do you like the daughter of your Lin family?
Dare to speak wildly again
Believe it or not, I'm afraid of destroying your entire Lin family
Crazy man!
Is there any royal law?
Pardon me?
Believe it or not, I give an order
Beat your head into a sieve
Put your gun down
Do you want to die?
Who the hell are you?
How dare you talk to me like this